README.md, before:

# DungeonDrafter
### Written by Nicholas Roth

A JavaFX based application used for creating Dungeons and Dragons maps utilizing tileable textures, layered canvases and clipping groups.

### Refactor Goals:
- [x] Grid support  
- [x] Multiple draw mode support
- [x] Grid based draw mode  
- [x] Pen based draw mode
- [ ] Choose texture for fill  
- [x] Multiple layers
- [ ] Create layers at will  
- [ ] Layers manager  
- [ ] Add top-level effects canvas  

### Bug Fixing:
- [ ] Finish command on alt-tab  
- [ ] Fix command pattern implementation
- [ ] Drawing w/ shadows shifts canvas


### To-do:
- [ ] Implement dropshadow on boundary  
- [ ] Improve mainui with more logically placed tabs  
- [ ] Implement image dragging  
- [ ] Implement layer moving  
- [ ] Create standard keyboard and mouse controls  
- [ ] Add different drawing methods  
- [ ] Implement eraser with opacity settings  
- [ ] Fit the canvases inside of a scrolling pane  
- [ ] Allow user to change which texture file to use as a clipping group  
- [ ] Allow user to specify canvas size  
- [ ] Allow user to specify from where on their machine to load images and textures  
- [ ] Automate texture and image loading  
- [ ] Support exporting map as .png/.jpg  
- [ ] Support saving maps for later editing  
- [ ] Support saving config settings upon exit

Commit message:

Refactored Layer to include inheritance and reduced amount of repeat methods and attributes.

README.md, after:

# DungeonDrafter
### Written by Nicholas Roth

A JavaFX based application used for creating Dungeons and Dragons maps utilizing tileable textures, layered canvases and clipping groups.

### Refactor Goals:
- [x] Grid support  
- [x] Multiple draw mode support
- [x] Grid based draw mode  
- [x] Pen based draw mode
- [ ] Choose texture for fill  
- [x] Multiple layers
- [ ] Create layers at will  
- [ ] Layers manager  
- [ ] Add top-level effects canvas  

### Bug Fixing:
- [ ] Finish command on alt-tab  
- [ ] Fix command pattern implementation
- [ ] Drawing w/ shadows shifts canvas
- [ ] Drawing on a hidden layer deletes what is beneath it


### To-do:
- [ ] Reimplement Command Pattern
- [ ] Implement dropshadow on boundary  
- [ ] Improve mainui with more logically placed tabs  
- [ ] Implement image dragging  
- [ ] Implement layer moving  
- [ ] Create standard keyboard and mouse controls  
- [ ] Add different drawing methods  
- [ ] Implement eraser with opacity settings  
- [ ] Fit the canvases inside of a scrolling pane  
- [ ] Allow user to change which texture file to use as a clipping group  
- [ ] Allow user to specify canvas size  
- [ ] Allow user to specify from where on their machine to load images and textures  
- [ ] Automate texture and image loading  
- [ ] Support exporting map as .png/.jpg  
- [ ] Support saving maps for later editing  
- [ ] Support saving config settings upon exit
